Add troubleshooting note for group visibility issue in Assign Global Role (#1591)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/authentication-config/configure-keycloak-oidc.md

### Keycloak Error: "Invalid grant_type"

  * In some cases, this error message may be misleading and is actually caused by setting the `Valid Redirect URI` incorrectly.

### Unable to See Groups When Assigning Global Roles

> When setting up an Keycloak OIDC, if the user isn't part of any groups, `groupSearchEnabled` is disabled, preventing group search in Assign Global Roles. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a user that is not part of any groups for initial setup, then you cannot search for groups when trying to assign a global role.
```

Some style-based suggestions and added some omissions:
- not mentioning keycloak since we're on the keyclocak page
- groupSearchEnabled since it's an implementation detail and not something they can current edit using normal procedures

> This can't be updated through the UI. You can do one of the following workaround.
> 
> - **Workaround 1:** Edit the `authconfig/keycloakoidc` on Rancher local:
>    ```bash
>    kubectl edit authconfigs.management.cattle.io keycloakoidc
>    ```
>    Set `groupSearchEnabled: true`.
> 
> - **Workaround 2:** Reconfigure the Keycloak OIDC setup using a user that is assigned to at least one group in Keycloak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this, you can either:

1. Manually edit the `authconfig/keycloakoidc` object to enable group search.
  
    1. On the Rancher server:
     ```bash
     kubectl edit authconfigs.management.cattle.io keycloakoidc
     ```
    1. Set `groupSearchEnabled: true`.
    1. Save your changes.

1. Reconfigure your Keycloak OIDC setup using a user that is assigned to at least one group in Keycloak.
```
